and we're back with another Android game
demo on project shield I'm will and this
is Android Thursdays today we're going
to take a look at a new game called ARMA
tactics enhanced and optimized for the
Tegra 4 processor that powers project
shield so let's take a look ARMA tactics
might sound familiar to you and that's
because it brings the acclaimed ARMA
series from your PC to life on tugger
devices using the best from games like
jagged alliance and ex-con so the game
takes full advantage of project shields
console gray controller and what that
means are you get these triggers here
that make it easy to execute your moves
and cycle through team members you got
your joysticks that make it easy to move
around the scene and place your targets
and you're a bx y buttons make it easy
to cycle through your options so an arma
tactics you're not locked into these
predefined pads and you're not moving on
Rails you're in this open environment
where you're free to move your
four-member Special Forces team around
to explore different strategies for how
you're going to accomplish your mission
and achieve your objectives either in
stealth or a more direct approach so on
the visual front what you get are Tegra
4 enhancements like more realistic
lighting that includes stuff like
real-time dynamic shadows you can see
your characters are casting shadows on
the ground and those shadows actually
move with your character that's really
cool stuff you also get enhanced physics
simulation for better particle effects
and smoke effects you can see the dust
going through the scene and the smoke
billowing from the fire that's nice
touch and you also get higher object
density for a more immersive and richer
environment and that all comes with
increased geometry so everything is
smoother and crisp
so that was quick look at ARMA tactics
on project shield that does it for this
Android Thursday's catch us next time
for another android game demo and make
sure to catch our PC Monday's demos on
youtube youtube.com slash Nvidia and go
ahead and flex those social media
muscles and find us on Twitter Facebook
and Google+
you